prompt = f"""
    Analyze this resume against the given job description and provide an ATS score out of 100.
    Also provide specific feedback on matching keywords and missing qualifications.

    Job Description:
    {jd_text}

    Resume:
    {resume_text}

    Format your response as:
    Score: /100
    Feedback:
    - Strengths: (bullet points)
    - Weaknesses: (bullet points)
    - improvements (bullet points)
    - suggested comapnies near his location: (bullet points)
    """
prompt = """
You are tasked with evaluating the alignment between a provided resume and job description.

1. Resume:

Analyze the resume comprehensively, considering:
Skills: Identify and categorize all hard and soft skills explicitly mentioned.
Experience: Assess the relevance and depth of work experience, including:
Job titles, responsibilities, and accomplishments (quantifiable achievements are preferred).
Industry experience and its alignment with the target job.
Career progression and any discernible trends.
Education: Evaluate the educational background, including degrees, majors, minors, certifications, and any relevant coursework.
Keywords: Identify and analyze the frequency and placement of keywords from the job description within the resume.
Professionalism: Evaluate the overall professionalism of the resume, considering:
Clarity, conciseness, and readability.
Grammatical accuracy and spelling.
Format and visual appeal.
2. Job Description:

Analyze the job description thoroughly, focusing on:
Essential requirements: Identify and categorize all mandatory skills, experience, and qualifications.
Desired qualifications: Note any preferred skills, experience, or qualifications.
Keywords: Identify and analyze the frequency and importance of specific keywords.
3. ATS Scoring:

Based on your analysis, assign an ATS score to the resume. This score should reflect the likelihood of the resume passing through an Applicant Tracking System (ATS).
Consider the following factors in your scoring:
Keyword matching: How effectively does the resume incorporate keywords from the job description?
Skill alignment: How well do the candidate's skills match the essential and desired requirements?
Experience relevance: How relevant is the candidate's work experience to the target role?
Education alignment: How well does the candidate's education meet the educational requirements?
Overall professionalism: How well does the resume present the candidate in a professional and impactful manner?
4. Professional Perspective:

Approach this evaluation as a seasoned professional with expertise in [List relevant fields, e.g., Human Resources, Recruitment, Talent Acquisition, specific industry relevant to the job].
Draw on your knowledge of industry best practices, common ATS algorithms, and effective resume writing strategies.
5. Output:

Provide a concise and insightful analysis of the resume and its suitability for the job.
Clearly state the calculated ATS score.
Offer specific and actionable recommendations for resume improvement to increase its chances of passing through an ATS and capturing the attention of hiring managers.
"""